CyberArk Issue (#18525)
demisto/content: Packs/CyberArkPAS/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations
##### CyberArk PAS
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.4.27798*.

> - Fixed an issue with **add_safe_member**, the value of the "Value" key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the ***cyberark-pas-safe-member-add*** and ***cyberark-pas-safe-member-update*** commands, where the *ManageSafeMembers* permission was not set although specified.
```
